we meet laura in jordan college with her
best friend roger she's an orphan
and she wants to go to the north and her
uncle walks in
and she hears for the first time about
dust it's dust
dust and then mrs coulter appears in her
life a glamorous beautiful intelligent
woman who says do you want to be my
assistant and go not with me
she obviously says yes i think it's the
best decision for both of us
then she goes looking for roger roger's
disappeared she can't find her
so she goes to london with mrs colter
turns out mrs coulter is a psycho
so she runs out of the house
she gets kidnapped by the goblet the
egyptians save her she moves in with
egyptians
the egyptians and her decide to go to
the north and
save the kids because they i've got
missing kids too and roger is with the
gobblers
then they go to trollsnd and they meet
eric bernerson and lee scorpio
and they go out north with them then
they go to volvanga
and they save all of the kids then they
lyra goes into the balloon with lee and
stuff they go to see asriel
she falls out of the balloon first and
she gets kidnapped by the bears
she tricks to the bears into getting her
out of the prison where he's imprisoned
and she manages to get yorick a fight
with the king
who tricked him years before the king is
yorick suddenly because they've had a
fight and he wins the battle
so she then she decides she wants to go
give her a lethiometer that the scholar
gave to her back to her uncle
asriel who we've now discovered is her
father and
she goes up to see him she goes with
roger
she decides that she's going back to
oxford the next day but she wakes up and
roger is missing and asriel isn't there
then she finds out that what her uncle
wants to do is separate roger from his
human
so they can use that force to open a
portal into another world so she goes up
to see where roger is roger is dead and
she
decides that the only way to make up for
roger's death is to find out what dust
is and try to get to it before the
[Music]
adults
you